New tools - installation (#1358)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/tools_intro.md

For more information, please see the [Online Compiler page](../build-tools/mbed-online-compiler.html).

## Command line tools

Mbed OS has two versions of its command line tool:

> - For 6.y and newer, use the new build tools.

Author: ```suggestion
- For 6.y and newer, use the new build tools or Mbed CLI.
```

> - For 6.x and older, use Mbed CLI.

Reviewer: It's not a hard switch. We would support Mbed CLI for 6.y and newer as well. It's only with perhaps 7.x (although not decided yet) that we'd drop Mbed CLI support. We will recommend using the new tools over the old ones in a future Mbed OS release, but not yet.

For more information, please see the [Online Compiler page](../build-tools/mbed-online-compiler.html).

## Command line tools

Mbed OS has two versions of its command line tool:

- For 6.y and newer, use the new build tools or Mbed CLI.
- For 6.x and older, use Mbed CLI.

You can have both tools installed side by side, so you can work with multiple versions of Mbed OS.

### Mbed Tools - Mbed OS 6.y and newer

Starting with version 6.x, Mbed OS is moving from Mbed CLI to a new build tool: <!--that has no proper name yet-->. It uses Ninja as a build system, and CMake to generate the build environment and manage the build process in a compiler-independent manner. <!--need better phrasing-->

> Mbed Tools parses the Mbed OS build configuration and outputs it to a format CMake can read. It also provides a use friendly interface to CMake and Ninja so you can configure, generte and execute builds with a single command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mbed Tools parses the Mbed OS build configuration and outputs it to a format CMake can read. It also provides a user friendly interface to CMake and Ninja so you can configure, generate and execute builds with a single command.
```

For more information, please see the [Online Compiler page](../build-tools/mbed-online-compiler.html).

## Command line tools

Mbed OS has two versions of its command line tool:

> - For 6.y and newer, use Mbed CLI 1 or Mbed CLI 2.

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.y
+ 6.5
```

> - For 6.x and older, use Mbed CLI 1.

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.x
+ 6.4
```

You can have both tools installed side by side, so you can work with multiple versions of Mbed OS.

> ### Mbed CLI 2 - Mbed OS 6.y and newer

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.y
+ 6.5
```

> Starting with version 6.x, Mbed OS is moving to Mbed CLI 2. It uses Ninja as a build system, and CMake to generate the build environment and manage the build process in a compiler-independent manner.

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.x
+ 6.5
```

Mbed CLI 2 parses the Mbed OS build configuration and outputs it to a format CMake can read. It also provides a user friendly interface to CMake and Ninja so you can configure, generate and execute builds with a single command.

For more information, see the [Mbed CLI 2 page](../build-tools/mbed-cli-2.html).

> <span class="notes">**Note:** You'll still need Mbed CLI 1 for older versions of Mbed OS (6.x and older). You can install both tools side by side.</span>

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.x
+ 6.4
```

> ### Mbed CLI 1 - Mbed OS 6.x and older

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.x
+ 6.4
```

Mbed OS has two versions of its command line tool:

- For 6.5 and newer, use Mbed CLI 1 or Mbed CLI 2.
- For 6.4 and older, use Mbed CLI 1.

You can have both tools installed side by side, so you can work with multiple versions of Mbed OS.

### Mbed CLI 2 - Mbed OS 6.5 and newer

> Starting with version 6.4, Mbed OS is moving to Mbed CLI 2. It uses Ninja as a build system, and CMake to generate the build environment and manage the build process in a compiler-independent manner.

Reviewer: ```diff
- 6.4
+ 6.5
```
